you can tell he's still motivated to
train because you see him offering
things did you tell her about his
aggressive sound so I I noticed when
when he's like if I'm too close and he
wants to just train with James with
Jamie you'll hear him like go Eric
and I'll be saying Eric or what but it's
it's definitely a sign that he's about
to bite and so listen for that when
you're training might mean that you're
pushing too far or Hulme something that
he's but he likes to do like the wave
just rocking pretty excited to be in
there so I think that about covers it
the mean body language that he displays
is is really on his head you have to
watch one his head aggression and that
won't give away everything the little he
has super short feathers all over his
head but right along a new buddy right
along his head they aren't even up right
now when those go up you're in deep
trouble
and you need to rub me what's up with me
and I don't want to do it on a street i
don't just create positive so i don't
intentionally want to piss
he's doing really well but just like
Amazon would like poof out and all those
feathers go up it's really obvious she
just has the little head feathers and
when they rise up you just have to
really pay attention because that means
he's pretty peeved and it's another like
warning like when he says Eric and you
need to keep something happy and just
end the session and stop that's a good
job and he seems to really response a
lot of praise so I think that's about it
other than the eye pinning which you can
obviously realize but that's really not
totally fair to go off of because that's
just excitement so hopefully those body
language tips help you with getting
raster back then well so just use your
taming training tricks in your total
transformation course and you guys
should be good on your way master you
wait bye